Skip to main content
 GOV.UK
Innovation Funding Service
Dashboard Profile Sign out

BETAThis is a new service – your feedback will help us to improve it.

Back to applications
Aureon Evidence Studio for Createch AI Workflows
Application status
Application submitted
Application number: 10209601
Your application for the competition 'Next Wave: Breakthrough Wave 1' was submitted on 7 Jul 2026 at 1:47pm.

View application Reopen application Print application
What happens next?
Assessment process

Once the competition submission deadline is reached your application will be sent for assessment. This is subject to eligibility. The assessment process follows these steps:

eligible applications will be assessed independently by expert assessors
each application is assessed by up to 5 assessors and against the same set criteria
the assessor will score each question and provide feedback to justify those scores
a panel process is held to moderate and ratify the outcome of the decision

If you reopen it, you must resubmit your application before we can assess it.

Decision notification

You and your project partners will be emailed notification of the decision by 1 Oct 2026.

If your application is successful

If you are successful with this application you will be asked to set up your project. The Project Manager and finance contacts for each organisation in your project will be asked for further information including:

project location
your organisation’s bank (BACS) details
a profile of your project spend
collaboration agreement (collaborative projects only)
exploitation plan
If your application is unsuccessful

If you are unsuccessful with your application, you will be able to view the feedback from the assessors.

Sometimes your application will have scored well and will receive positive comments from the assessors. The average score however, will not be above the funding threshold for the competition.

Application feedback

Application feedback will be provided by 1 Oct 2026.
We will email you when this becomes available.

You can give feedback to help us improve this service. This should take no more than 2 minutes.

Give us feedback

Finish without feedback

Need help with this service? Contact us

Support links
Innovate UK Innovation funding advice Events Connect to innovation experts Innovate UK blog Accessibility Terms and conditions Contact us How to apply for funding Latest funding opportunities

GOV.UK uses cookies to make the site simpler. Find out more about cookies.

 All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated
© Crown copyright